== next ==

  it switches people/stats before it switches pictures

  always display the relationship
  
  move text to the bottom, those pictures look pretty!

== blocked ==
  apply for real production API key
  
== random ==

make it distributable installerable?

can click somewhere to "show this full picture"

can download from my preservation archiver images LOL

update the title with what the picture/person is, too
cache users' pedigree tree... :P
    so they don't have to login every time...
	or their login...

don't download their whole tree, only the first x...or save it locally [?]
 or give it to them while you download too? yeah...

cache username/password locally with AES

maybe a list of photos "can pick through them" or "remember some old ones in a list"
  possibly tie it in with the map/geographical place somehow [? like flickr browser

make it into an ipad app
  or something that's like "use this game for a few moinutes" [?]

fix the image transition problem...

create a local image log


make "just the background behind the text transparent" so that it ends up like a montage

the "world map" with pinpoints on it LOL
  maybe with delayed per generation, or even one pin point goes to two, then another or something like that, or possibly an expanding
    like it starts with just Utah, then once you leave Utah it expands as far as it needs to.
    or reverse, with a 1600's ancestors showing where they all moved to.
    or possibly slow, with music, with the name as the new point appears

can display long stories in story form...

cache .jpg images locally too [?]


fabricated notes "they moved 3 times! They lost a child at 3! They lived during the great depression, etc." 
the notes themselves like "this guy saved a bear" or what not.

tell them how to use facebook...or how to use dropbox yeah :P

"the declaration of independence signed then" with picture of that [?]
photos of events during that time period.

born in 1620? any 1620 picture LOL

"These inventions occurred during their life time"
"these events occurred during their life time"

famous pictures from the span of their lifetime, like "classic 1900" picture'ish

pictures of temples, maybe based on the date of the event in question [?]

also use google image search perhaps?

real screensaver
    and get rid of title bar, etc.
  
inspiring quotes like "don't let these people down!" "they're relying on you!"

interesting statistics about you, "x cousins, y cousins second removed, z direct ancestors, spanning x years,
q countries you're from, spans epsion countries, [bugzilla items]"
just show that aren't done yet, so that it will guilt them into...
quotes of extractable, odd information, like "was married at 16" "was close to this war" "had 2 children die in childbirth"
said "xyz"
conversion quotes, any quotes, if possible!
maybe quotes from people around the time that they lived...
images can get bigger and smaller...
other pictures related to them, like photos of their hand writing, 
pictures of documents related to them...obviously we know about them because of some document...photos of places they were at, anything interesting, anything that could tie you to them...
places they lived, their tombstone
have people "just related" to you...
photos of wars they fought in :P

show relationship with them
  show family tree leading to them.
  
vary directions
the various times that their temple work was done.
a quiz

something that takes two images and "guesses" what their children will look like--you can compare yourself to that!

you can add pictures locally of your kids (and self, and others), to have those displayed, too :)

can accept a local "this directory has my family photos in it, for this many generations" and it can use those, too...

you can add facebook credentials for somebody and it uses them for latest status update [local? remote?]

a facebook-ified version: your friend was born here, here's some pictures about that place/time
